fix(setup): seed the REST site record and fix the worker DB target (#3284)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/getting-started/quick-start.md

| `NICO_CORE_IMAGE_TAG` | **Yes** | NICo Core image tag (e.g. `v2025.12.30`). |
| `NICO_REST_IMAGE_TAG` | **Yes** | NICo REST image tag (e.g. `v1.0.4`). |
| `KUBECONFIG` | **Yes** | Path to your cluster kubeconfig. |

> | `NICO_SITE_UUID` | No | Stable UUID for this site. If unset, `setup.sh` reuses the UUID from a prior install (site-agent ConfigMap), else adopts an existing REST site with the same name, else mints one and seeds the site record itself. |

Reviewer: If this change works, apply it to the README too :) 
```suggestion
| `NICO_SITE_UUID` | No | Stable UUID for this site. If unset, `setup.sh` tries to reuse the UUID from a prior install (site-agent ConfigMap). If that fails, it adopts an existing REST site with the same name, or mints a UUID and seeds the site record itself. |
```

- **nico-dns Note**: Use `perPodAnnotations` (a list) rather than `annotations` because each replica gets its own VIP.
- **nico-api IP and DNS Note**: The nico-api VIP must resolve in external DNS to the `hostname` you set in Step 3c.

### 3i. (Optional) Pre-set the Site UUID

> On a fresh install you normally leave `NICO_SITE_UUID` unset — `setup.sh` resolves it: it tries to reuse the UUID from a prior install (site-agent ConfigMap); if that fails, it adopts an existing REST site with the same name, or mints a UUID and seeds the site record itself (see Step 5). Set it explicitly only to bind the site-agent to a site that already exists:

Reviewer: Optional improvement here
```suggestion
On a fresh install, you normally leave `NICO_SITE_UUID` unset. `setup.sh` resolves the UUID in several ways: it tries to reuse the UUID from a prior install (site-agent ConfigMap); if that fails, it adopts an existing REST site with the same name, or mints a UUID and seeds the site record itself (see Step 5). You only need to set the UUID explicitly to bind the site-agent to a site that already exists:
```

Author: sounds good addressed
